Enable Berlin 2026 tickets & grants (#2642)
writethedocs/www: docs/conf/berlin/2026/news/announcing-tickets.rst

- Live streaming for all talks and Q&A sessions on the main stage
- The ability to submit live Q&A questions for speakers
- Virtual hallway track and chat so you can network with other remote attendees

In-person `ticket options <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/{{shortcode}}/{{year}}/tickets/>`_:

* **Student or Unemployed Tickets**: *{{tickets.student.price}}*
* **Independent Tickets**: *{{tickets.independent.price}}*
* **Corporate Tickets**: *{{tickets.corporate.price}}*

In-person tickets also include access to the Writing Day.

Virtual `ticket options <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/{{shortcode}}/{{year}}/tickets/>`_:

* **Student or Unemployed Tickets**: *{{tickets.virtual_student.price}}*
* **Independent Tickets**: *{{tickets.virtual_independent.price}}*
* **Corporate Tickets**: *{{tickets.virtual_corporate.price}}*

Grant Program
-------------
As always, we try to keep ticket prices low so that the event is accessible to the widest range of people.
However, if the cost or our tickets or travel expenses are an issue for you, you can apply to our Opportunity Grant program.

As a hybrid event, you can choose whether you want to attend in-person or virtually.

> Re are limiting reimbursements to € 500 per person (not including conference ticket cost),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are limiting reimbursements to € 500 per person (not including conference ticket cost),
```

:template: {{year}}/generic.html
:banner: _static/conf/images/headers/portland-2024-speakers.jpg
:og:image: _static/conf/images/headers/portland-2024-speakers.jpg

.. post:: Apr 16, {{year}}
   :tags: {{shortcode}}-{{year}}, website, cfp, tickets

Announcing Ticket sales
=======================

We're excited to announce that `ticket sales <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/{{shortcode}}/{{year}}/tickets/>`_ are now open for our {{ city }} conference.

> We have also opened `Opportunity Grant program <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/{{shortcode}}/{{year}}/opportunity-grants/>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We're excited to announce that we've opened `ticket sales <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/{{shortcode}}/{{year}}/tickets/>`_ and our `Opportunity Grant program <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/{{shortcode}}/{{year}}/opportunity-grants/>`_ for our {{ city }} conference.
```
